Documenting "withContactCounts" for campaign API (#293)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/rest_api/campaigns.rst

   * - ``events``
     - array
     - Array of Event entities for the Campaign - see below
   * - ``contactCount``

>      - int

Reviewer: We now use 'integer' instead of 'int'. Let's update this for consistency/

```suggestion
     - integer
```

Author: It is `int` in the lines above. It would be weird to change that from the consistency perspective. Also in PHP the [`integer`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.types.integer.php) type is `int` in the code.

>      - Number of contacts in the campaign (only included when ``withContactCounts=true`` query parameter is used)

Reviewer: Let's capitalize Mautic terms and use active voice.

```suggestion
     - Number of Contacts in the Campaign. This property requires the ``withContactCounts=true`` query parameter
```

   * - ``contactCountFetchedAt``

>      - datetime/null

Reviewer: **question:**

I believe when the type is empty, it'll be automatically set to 'null'? Would it be the same if we only mention 'datetime' instead of 'datetime/null'?

I think, if we want to say `datetime/null', we might want as well to add 'null' to other types, e.g., 'integer/null', etc.

```suggestion
     - datetime
```

Author: This is the type that the programmers should expect. It could be a datetime but it can also be null. If they well always expect datetime then the null value can cause errors. I think we should be explicit to avoid surprises.

Reviewer: Does this then only applied for datetime type or for other types as well?

Author: I'd have to go check every property to answer. In this PR I only care about those 2 I've added.

>      - Number of Contacts in the Campaign. This property is only returned by endpoints that support the ``withContactCounts=true`` query parameter (for example, ``GET /campaigns``) and is not available from ``GET /campaigns/{id}``

Reviewer: Let's address the vale warning here.

```suggestion
     - Number of Contacts in the Campaign. This property is only returned by endpoints that support the ``withContactCounts=true`` query parameter - for example, ``GET /campaigns`` - and isn't available from ``GET /campaigns/{id}``
```

>      - Timestamp of the Contact count retrieval. This property requires the ``withContactCounts=true`` query parameter

Reviewer: We use dash (-) instead of parantheses and use active voice.

So, this suggestion can be either modified or ignored if the existing content is already correct.

>      - Timestamp when the contact count was retrieved (only included when ``withContactCounts=true`` query parameter is used)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Timestamp of the Contact count retrieval. This property requires the ``withContactCounts=true`` query parameter
```

>      - Timestamp of the Contact count retrieval. This property is only returned by endpoints that support the ``withContactCounts=true`` query parameter (for example, ``GET /campaigns``) and is not available from ``GET /campaigns/{id}``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Timestamp of the Contact count retrieval. This property is only returned by endpoints that support the ``withContactCounts=true`` query parameter - for example, ``GET /campaigns`` - and isn't available from ``GET /campaigns/{id}``
```

     - Only return currently published entities
   * - ``minimal``
     - Return only array of entities without additional lists in it
   * - ``withContactCounts``

>      - Include contact count for each campaign. Accepts ``true`` or ``false`` (default: ``false``). Contact counts are cached for 12 hours by default. The cache TTL can be configured using the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` (value in seconds).

Reviewer: Please see the other comment below before applying this suggestion.

```suggestion
     - Include Contact count for each Campaign. Accepts ``true`` or ``false``, with ``false`` as the default. The system caches Contact counts for 12 hours by default. Set the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` to configure the cache TTL - value in seconds
```

Reviewer: **question:** Does everybody know/familiar with TTL? If not, we might want to inform what it stands for, like: `TTL - Time To Live`, also list this in the `accept.txt` file as Vale is complaining about it. 😂 

If we want to brief explain, please use this version instead.

```suggestion
     - Include Contact count for each Campaign. Accepts ``true`` or ``false`` with ``false`` as the default. The system caches Contact counts for 12 hours by default. Set the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` to configure the cache TTL - Time To Live, with value in seconds.
```

>      - Include Contact count for each Campaign. Accepts ``true`` or ``false``, with ``false`` as the default. The system caches Contact counts for 12 hours by default. Set the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` to configure the cache TTL - value in seconds

Author: This is important. Doesn't matter if it is mention elsewhere.

>      - Include Contact count for each Campaign. Accepts ``true`` or ``false``, with ``false`` as the default. The system caches Contact counts for 12 hours by default. Set the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` to configure the cache TTL - value in seconds

Reviewer: Let's leave it as is then. 👍🏼

>        }
>    }
> 
> .. note::
> 
>    When using ``withContactCounts=true``, the response includes two additional fields per campaign:
>    
>    - ``contactCount``: Number of contacts in the campaign (integer)
>    - ``contactCountFetchedAt``: Timestamp when the count was retrieved (ISO 8601 format)
>    
>    Contact counts are cached for 12 hours by default to improve performance. New contacts added to campaigns may not be reflected until the cache expires. The cache TTL can be customized by setting the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter (in seconds) in ``config/local.php``.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... note::

   The ``withContactCounts=true`` parameter adds two additional fields per Campaign:
   
   * ``contactCount``: number of Contacts in the Campaign - integer
   * ``contactCountFetchedAt``: timestamp of the Contact count retrieval - ISO 8601 format

   .. vale off
   
   The system caches Contact counts for 12 hours by default to improve performance. New Contacts added to campaigns may not appear until the cache expires. Set the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` to configure the cache TTL - value in seconds.

   .. vale on

```

       }
   }

.. note::

   The ``withContactCounts=true`` parameter adds two additional fields per Campaign:

   * ``contactCount``: number of Contacts in the Campaign - integer
   * ``contactCountFetchedAt``: timestamp of the Contact count retrieval - ISO 8601 format

> 
>    .. vale off
>    The system caches Contact counts for 12 hours by default to improve performance. New Contacts added to Campaigns may not appear until the cache expires. Set the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` to configure the cache TTL - value in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. vale off
   
   The system caches Contact counts for 12 hours by default to improve performance. New Contacts added to Campaigns may not appear until the cache expires. Set the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` to configure the cache TTL - value in seconds.
```

       }
   }

.. note::

   The ``withContactCounts=true`` parameter adds two additional fields per Campaign:
   
   * ``contactCount``: number of Contacts in the Campaign - integer
   * ``contactCountFetchedAt``: timestamp of the Contact count retrieval - ISO 8601 format

   .. vale off
   

>    The system caches Contact counts for 12 hours by default to improve performance. New Contacts added to campaigns may not appear until the cache expires. Set the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` to configure the cache TTL - value in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The system caches Contact counts for 12 hours by default to improve performance. New Contacts added to Campaigns may not appear until the cache expires. Set the ``campaign_contact_count_cache_ttl`` parameter in ``config/local.php`` to configure the cache TTL - value in seconds.
```
